Add Examples and Module.md (#9)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-postgresql: postgresql-ballerina/Module.md

in the database.

```ballerina
// Select the data from the database table. The query parameters are passed 
// directly. Similar to the `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as 
// sub types of `sql:TypedValue` as well.
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students
                                WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
stream<record{}, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query(query);

// Iterating the returned table.
error? e = resultStream.forEach(function(record{} student) {
    //Can perform any operations using 'student' and can access any fields in the returned record.
});
```

There are situations in which you may not want to iterate through the database and in that case, you may decide
to only use the `next()` operation in the result `stream` and retrieve the first record. In such cases, the returned
result stream will not be closed and you have to invoke the `close` operation explicitly on the 
`sql:Client` to release the connection resources and avoid a connection leak as shown below.

```ballerina
stream<Student, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query("SELECT count(*) as total FROM students");

> record {|Student value;|}|error? result = resultStream.next();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Student|error? result = resultStream.next();
```

Reviewer: This should work

Author: We can't return record data directly as stream's next() returns a record with the next member under the value field if not empty or its completion.

Reviewer: Can we something like this

```
Student? result = check resultStream.next().value;
if value is Student {        
    // An error is returned as the result.    
} else { 
   // The `Student` table must be empty.    
}
```

if result is error {
    //A valid result is returned.
} else {
    Student? value = data?.value;
    if value is Student {
        // An error is returned as the result.
    } else {
        // The `Student` table must be empty.
    }
}
error? e = resultStream.close();
```

#### Updating Data

This example demonstrates modifying data by executing an `UPDATE` statement via the `execute` remote function of 
the client.

```ballerina
int age = 23;
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `UPDATE students SET name = 'John' 
                                WHERE age = ${age}`;

> sql:ExecutionResult|sql:Error ret = check dbClient->execute(query);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sql:ExecutionResult ret = check dbClient->execute(query);
```

```

#### Deleting Data

This example demonstrates deleting data by executing a `DELETE` statement via the `execute` remote function of 
the client.

```ballerina
string name = "John";
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `DELETE from students WHERE name = ${name}`;

> sql:ExecutionResult|sql:Error ret = check dbClient->execute(query);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sql:ExecutionResult ret = check dbClient->execute(query);
```

Reviewer: why we use check and error both

## Overview

This module provides the functionality required to access and manipulate data stored in a PostgreSQL database.

> **Prerequisite:** Add the PostgreSQL driver JAR as a native library dependency in your Ballerina project.

Reviewer: You can either download the JAR manually and config the path or config the maven dependency config in `Ballerina.toml` file as mentioned below.

```ballerina
sql:VarcharValue name = new ("James");
sql:IntegerValue age = new (10);

sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO student(age, name)
                                values (${age}, ${name})`;
sql:ExecutionResult ret = check dbClient->execute(query);
```

In the fourth example, the array types values are passed as parameter values to the `execute` remote function.
```ballerina
sql:VarcharArrayValue name = new (["James", "Sam"]);
sql:IntegerArrayValue age = new ([10, 12]);

sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO customer(age, name)
                                values (${age}, ${name})`;
sql:ExecutionResult ret = check dbClient->execute(query);
```
#### Inserting Data With Auto-generated Keys

This example demonstrates inserting data while returning the auto-generated keys. It achieves this by using the 
`execute` remote function to execute the `INSERT` statement.

```ballerina
int age = 31;
string name = "Kate";

sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `INSERT INTO student(age, name)
                                values (${age}, ${name})`;

> sql:ExecutionResultret = check dbClient->execute(query);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sql:ExecutionResult ret = check dbClient->execute(query);
```

> //Number of rows affected by the execution of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Number of rows affected by the execution of the query.
```

int? count = ret.affectedRowCount;

> //The integer or string generated by the database in response to a query execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The integer or string generated by the database in response to query execution.
```

string|int? generatedKey = ret.lastInsertId;

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

#### Querying Data

This sample shows three examples to demonstrate the different usages of the `query` operation to query the
database table and obtain the results. 

This example demonstrates querying data from a table in a database. 
First, a type is created to represent the returned result set. Note the mapping of the database column 
to the returned record's property is case-insensitive (i.e., the `ID` column in the result can be mapped to the `id` 

> property in the record). Next, the `SELECT` query is executed via the `query` remote function of the client by passing that 
> result set type. Once the query is executed, each data record can be retrieved by looping the result set. The `stream` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property in the record). Next, the `SELECT` query is executed via the `query` remote function of the client. Once the query is executed, each data record can be retrieved by looping the result set. The `stream` 
```

returned by the `SELECT` operation holds a pointer to the actual data in the database and it loads data from the table 
only when it is accessed. This stream can be iterated only once. 

```ballerina
// Define a type to represent the results.
type Student record {
    int id;
    int age;
    string name;
};

// Select the data from the database table. The query parameters are passed 
// directly. Similar to the `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as
// sub types of `sql:TypedValue` as well.
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students
                                WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;

> stream<Student, sql:Error> resultStream = 
>         <stream<Student, sql:Error>> dbClient->query(query, Student);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stream<Student, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query(query);
```

// Iterating the returned table.
error? e = resultStream.forEach(function(Student student) {
   //Can perform any operations using 'student' and can access any fields in the returned record of type `Student`.
});
```

> Defining the return type is optional and you can query the database without providing the result type. Hence, 
> the above example can be modified as follows with an open record type as the return type. The property name in the open record 
> type will be the same as how the column is defined in the database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining the return type is optional. Hence, the above example can be modified as follows with an open record type as the return type. The field name in the open record type will be the same as how the column is defined in the database.
```

Reviewer: shall we change `property` of record to `field` of record. WDYT?

```ballerina
// Select the data from the database table. The query parameters are passed 
// directly. Similar to the `execute` examples, parameters can be passed as 
// sub types of `sql:TypedValue` as well.
int id = 10;
int age = 12;
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT * FROM students
                                WHERE id < ${id} AND age > ${age}`;
stream<record{}, sql:Error> resultStream = dbClient->query(query);

// Iterating the returned table.
error? e = resultStream.forEach(function(record{} student) {
    //Can perform any operations using 'student' and can access any fields in the returned record.
});
```

There are situations in which you may not want to iterate through the database and in that case, you may decide
to only use the `next()` operation in the result `stream` and retrieve the first record. In such cases, the returned
result stream will not be closed and you have to invoke the `close` operation explicitly on the 
`sql:Client` to release the connection resources and avoid a connection leak as shown below.

```ballerina

> stream<record{}, sql:Error> resultStream = 
>             dbClient->query("SELECT count(*) as total FROM students");
> 
> record {|record {} value;|}|error? result = resultStream.next();
> 
> if result is record {|record {} value;|} {
>     //A valid result is returned.
> } else if result is error {
>     // An error is returned as the result.
> } else {
>     // The `Student` table must be empty.
> }
> 
> error? e = resultStream.close();
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stream<Student, sql:Error> resultStream = 
            dbClient->query("SELECT count(*) as total FROM students");

Student|error? result = resultStream.next();

if result is Student {
    //A valid result is returned.
} else if result is error {
    // An error is returned as the result.
} else {
    // The `Student` table must be empty.
}

error? e = resultStream.close();
```
```

Reviewer: Shall we change this to return `Student` record instead of open record
